[narrator] Previously on
1000-lb Sisters.
Let's think about that walk.
- You're crazy.
- Hey!
You promised me.
[Tisa speaking]
What are you gonna do
if we go to the swimming pool?
We're gonna plan on you
having surgery here
- in a few weeks, okay?
- Yes.
But I need you
below 400 first to do it.
[Chris speaking]
[man] Looks like 639.
Oh, it was. It was.
Me and Michael called
a home organizer
because I want a nice,
clean environment for Gage.
[tense music playing]
Aw.
I'm sorry.
[Amy speaking]
Yeah. I feel you,
and it's okay.
I'm just here
to tell you it's okay.
[woman] You do the best
you can as a mom
with you've been given
and you're improving
and trying to get better,
I mean,
that's what we all have to do.
We just have to get better
and try not to look back
and at past hurts.
I know.
You think your mama's doing
a good job, right, Gage?
Because he feels loved.
Michael,
do you wanna come help us
with something real quick?
[Amy speaking]
[Amy] Babe, what do you think?
Should we keep these?
[Amy speaking]
Oh, my God, it's hard.
Well, yeah, so that's exactly
why we can't keep everything
- just because somebody gave it to us.
- Yeah.
- [Amy speaking]
- Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. The whole...
Okay.
And you think that's
something you're wanting
to look back at the notes on?
But you're... What?
Okay.
[laughs]
[Michael speaking]
[Amy speaking]
Okay. We have
a few clothes here.
Are you sure you wanna hold on
to one with a hole in it?
The hardest thing
to give away was the onesie
but it had a tiny,
little hole in it.
Michael was like,
"We can buy another one."
I'm like, "But he wore it."
But at the end of the day,
I let it go.
It had a hole in it.
All right.
We'll get rid of that.
[woman] Okay.
- [woman 1] Yay!
- [woman 2] Yay!
Do the happy dance.
[Amy speaking]
We did. But look what
you've accomplished.
You guys have done a great job.
[woman] Well...
We loved it. We had fun.
We did.
Thank you for allowing us...
- [woman] Yes.
- Into your home
and we enjoyed helping you.
Moving forward, I wanna keep
the idea of storage bins,
everything in their place.
But there's just
a lot on my plate right now.
Tisa only comes in
a couple days a week,
so I'm still doing
a lot for Tammy.
There's not enough time
in my daily schedule.
It's time for her
to get her independence.
- Thank you, guys.
- Thank you.
- We'll see you later.
- Have a safe trip.
- All right.
- See you. Have a good weekend.
Ew. Ew.
[Amy speaking]
[upbeat music playing]
Tammy and I had a follow-up
doctor's appointment
with Dr. Smith.
Tammy, you gained weight.
Ain't nothing like learning
a lesson the hard way.
But if you can't do exercise,
that means you just can't
eat [bleep]
[Tammy speaking]
[Chris] We're just gonna
get you back on track
and chew Amy's
ass about the cheat days.
Sometimes, that girl,
love her to death,
stupid to smack her
on every branch
all the way down the tree
when she fell out.
[phone ringing]
She must have knew
I was talking about her.
What's up, bitch?
[Amy speaking]
[Chris]
She gained 15 damn pounds.
[Amy speaking]
[Chris speaking]
[producer speaking]
See, that's the [bleep] problem.
And if I don't get it,
she bitches at me.
If I do get it,
somebody else bitches at me.
I'm just tired
of getting bitched at.
[Amy speaking]
[Chris speaking]
[Chris] Make sure she has
the proper foods in the house
and plenty of fruits
and vegetables.
She's not allowed any carbs.
[Amy speaking]
[Chris] I'm just saying
make sure it gets done.
Just be proactive,
that should've already
been taken care of
the first week
that she was back.
[Chris] All right.
I'll talk to you later.
- [Amy speaking]
- Bye.
[upbeat music playing]
Last time I saw Tammy
was a few days ago
and it didn't really end well.
Tammy, been hearing
some [bleep] girl.
We were just worried
because he has made it known
that he doesn't want you
under 300.
[Misty] Tammy was pissed off
and crying when I left,
so I thought I'd check on her
and hopefully everybody
cooled off by now.
So how's everything going?
Mmm-hmm.
Yeah. But it's just supposed
to be going down, not up.
Tammy has a bad habit
of not keeping her focus
where it needs to be.
It quite honestly pisses me off
because she know
she needs to do this
to be healthier.
[Misty] So what's going on
with you and...
- I forgot his name.
- [Tammy] Phillip?
Phillip, yeah.
[birds chirping]
[Tammy speaking]
- Why?
- [Tammy] Why not?
You have a hard time
just getting up to go
to the bathroom,
they do a lot of walking
in Vegas.
[Tammy speaking]
I guess I'd feel
a bit better about it
if you were more able
to take care of yourself.
Tammy needs to lose some weight
where she's more mobile
before she does things
like that.
But now that she has
somebody showing her
a little bit of attention,
it's like she's in the mindset,
"I'm gonna do what I wanna do"
instead of doing
what needs to be done.
I think we should meet him
before you go to Las Vegas.
- No.
- [Misty] And...
Because you have a tendency
to be really damn gullible.
- Okay, then answer me this.
- [Tammy] Uh-huh.
Why the hell do you have
such a shitty attitude
since you got with him?
Since she's got with Phillip,
she's more crappy
about everything.
She hasn't been motivated.
[producer speaking]
As a family, we wanna bust
this guy's head...
[laughs]
Or Tammy, one of them.
Okay.
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy] It's gonna be really
special this year,
meeting our fans face to face.
- Hey, girls! How are you?
- Hey.
But Tammy does have
a lot of haters.
[Tammy speaking]
[Tisa speaking]
I'm not gonna hurt myself
when I know she can get up
and do things.
[country music playing]
[Tammy speaking]
Flipping through social media.
[Amy]
Chris tried to get in my ass
about giving Tammy
unhealthy food
and I'm like, "I'm over it."
[farts]
[laughs]
[Tammy speaking]
[producer speaking]
Phillip lives in Vegas.
He came to see me, so now,
I'm willing to go see him.
[Amy]
Tammy has a new boyfriend.
The bitch is in love.
Supposedly.
[Amy speaking]
Yeah.
Mmm-hmm.
Major.
That's my favorite thing,
meeting people.
That's why we started
our journey on YouTube,
we wanted to meet people.
- Hi, y'all.
- Hi, y'all. [laughs]
And now, we meet people
from all over the world.
Do you agree with me,
like, we should do this?
[Amy speaking]
- Hey.
- Hi.
- How are you guys?
- Fun. How are you?
- [Amy] Good. How are you?
- I like your makeup tutorial videos.
I love your cooking videos.
Love, love, love them.
[Tammy speaking]
- [Amy speaking]
- [Tammy] Okay.
- What?
Me?
Why am I gonna rub your butt?
You got a whole ass
husband here [bleep].
[Amy speaking]
Oh, my God, it's...
[laughs]
[Amy speaking]
[laughter]
Oh [indistinct]
[Tammy] Ooh.
[Amy speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
[laughter]
[Amy farts]
[farts]
What is that?
Oh.
Ew!
[Amy speaking]
[laughter]
[bleep]
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy speaking]
Because I know we're gonna get
click, click, click,
- click, click.
- [Tammy] Yeah.
- The police?
- [Tammy speaking]
Doing this in our hometown
is really great, but
I'm also worried because...
Yeah.
[Amy] The fair is huge
and Michael does not
wanna push Tammy around
this meet-and-greet,
so we borrowed my mom's
motorized wheelchair for Tammy.
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy] Dang it.
[acoustic music playing]
[Amy speaking]
I'm hoping to release
some of this back pain,
because we got
a meet-and-greet coming up.
[bleep]
- Hello.
- [woman] How are you doing?
Good, how are you?
Maybe we could turn some
lights off,
get some music, oh, yeah.
Marvin's Gaye's bitches.
[laughs]
Tell me, um, first,
what do you hope
we can help you with?
Um, I was organizing the house
and I pulled a muscle
in my back.
Okay. So, yeah.
Acupuncture would be
a great place to start.
Michael, what would you say
is your main complaint?
- [Michael speaking]
- [Dr. Corey] Okay.
[Amy] Michael has a bad back
from pushing Tammy around.
[Amy speaking]
Well, do you have
any questions for me
about anything in general?
[Michael speaking]
No. You don't have to.
No, ma'am.
Well, we're just gonna
lift up your shirt...
- [Amy] Oh, okay.
- For your lower back, so...
Quite all right.
Acupuncture was made
4,000 years ago
by these Chinese dudes
that just...
I guess they like bondage
because they like
to poke each other
with [bleep] needles.
[Dr. Corey]
That wasn't too bad, was it?
That's right.
[Amy speaking]
[Dr. Corey] Usually within
about five, ten seconds,
even if you feel it go in,
it will just,
kind of, will drift away.
So it should be
nice and pleasant.
[Amy speaking]
Is that what you feel like?
[Amy] Yeah.
[Amy speaking]
Huh?
[Michael speaking]
[Amy speaking]
All right. You guys
are free to move about,
so let's have you go ahead
and slowly just
[indistinct] out.
[Amy speaking]
- Thank you.
- You're very welcome.
[upbeat music playing]
- [Michael speaking]
- [Amy] Yup.
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy speaking]
[laughs]
My back is feeling a lot
better since the acupuncture
but I have no body strength
to push Tammy's fat ass.
[Amy speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
[Tammy]
What's that sign say, like?
[Michael and Amy]
Amy and Tammy Slaton
- tonight 5 to 7.
- Oh, my God.
I'm [bleep] yeah,
that's so cool.
[Amy speaking]
[Michael speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
[grunts] Let me sit
in here right now.
Really, Michael?
- [Michael speaking]
- Yeah.
[Tammy] Okay.
[Tammy speaking]
Hmm.
[tense music playing]
[Tammy speaking]
Michael does not
wanna push Tammy around
this meet-and-greet.
[Tammy] I can't fit.
[Michael] I wonder if I can
take this off.
You wanna put this back
on the truck or...
Yeah.
[Tammy speaking]
[Michael speaking]
That part went low.
[Tammy] Yeah.
- [Michael speaking]
- [Tammy] What?
- [Tammy speaking]
- Yup.
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy speaking]
You might have to stand up.
[Michael speaking]
- [Tammy] Aw!
- [Michael speaking]
[Amy]
Can you walk to the gravel?
[Tammy speaking]
[Michael speaking]
Tammy's mobility
has gone downhill.
[Michael grunts]
[Amy] I know Tisa's
pushing Tammy
to walk a little bit,
but it ain't going off great.
Here we go.
- Yeah.
- [grunts]
[Michael laughs]
[Amy] He wants to ride with you.
- [Tammy chuckles]
- We're just lucky
after all that drama with Tammy,
she's okay and we can go
to the meet-and-greet.
Wait for me. Wait for me.
Wait for me...
[laughs] Hey, it's over here.
[upbeat music playing]
[Tammy]
The more and more people
start showing up in line,
uh, the more nervous
I'm getting.
This being our first
real hometown meet-and-greet.
It's, kind of,
shocking to know that
all these people come here
just to see us.
But also, kind of,
scared because...
- [woman] Hi, guys.
- Hi.
I seen you guys on YouTube.
Amazing.
[woman speaking]
Did you guys go to, um,
Union County School?
Yes.
Thomas.
[laughter]
[Cassie speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
- [woman speaking]
- Aww, thank you.
Yeah.
I've been a fan of the Slaton
sisters for a few years now.
So I came to the fair today
mainly for the meet-and-greet.
Um, I myself have lost
a lot of weight.
It's not easy, but I think
that they are
very good motivators.
I know Amy set out a goal
to lose weight
and she did it.
And Tammy, I know she's trying,
but I definitely support her
100%.
Attention.
[Tammy speaking]
Me and Tammy decide to play
a little game with our fans.
A little Q & A with T & A.
[Tammy speaking]
[laughter]
[woman] Yeah, Michael.
The grand prize is Michael
actually agreed to have
a pie in his face.
You.
- False.
[Tammy speaking]
- [Dominique speaking]
- [woman speaking]
[woman speaking]
- Yes! Yes!
- Purple.
It is weird knowing people
pay that much attention to us
to get questions
like that right.
[Tammy speaking]
Who's the winner [indistinct]
- [Amy] Dominique!
- Whoo!
Dominique won by landslide.
She...
That girl knew who we was.
- Congratulations, girl.
- Okay.
You're now allowed
to pie my husband.
[cheers and laughter]
[Tammy speaking]
[Amy speaking]
[laughs]
Okay. One, two, three.
[Tisa] You can walk that far.
Yes, you can.
That. You can make it
that far.
Are you kidding me?
She would have me push
her from the car,
inside the pool,
out of the pool,
back to the car
if she had her way.
[country music playing]
[Tisa speaking]
[Tammy speaking]
I felt like I had a purpose.
- Yeah.
- [Tisa] And I'll be back.
[Tammy speaking]
Come on, sexy!
That water is deep.
[Tammy] No, it's not.
[Tisa]
Looks awfully deep to me.
[Tammy] It's not!
- [women] Hello.
- [Tisa] Hello, ladies.
[Tisa]
I am terrified of the water
because I can't swim.
But I will do anything
to get Tammy in the water.
Anything for this class.
[Tisa speaking]
Okay.
- Yeah.
- [Tisa] I might get drowned.
[Tisa speaking]
Uh-huh.
- Are you ready?
- Yeah.
Whee!
[screams]
[laughs]
Yeah, you're going...
[Tammy speaking]
When she gets down in the pool,
I can just see a different
glow in her face.
She's in the water
and she can do movement.
Put your hands on your hips,
go forward and back.
And you...
Oh, and you're going down low.
She's flapping her arms around,
she's kicking her legs,
she's popping her ass around,
she's doing it all.
[Tisa] Oh!
- [Tisa speaking]
- [laughs]
[Tisa speaking]
Barbell swing on the side,
back and forth.
That was hard.
Come on, sister.
[woman] Go back and forth
on each side.
Come on.
Tammy is the youngest one
in the water
but the ladies in the pool
are doing better than Tammy.
[Tisa speaking]
You know what? I'll carry
them, we can walk back.
She would have me push her
from inside the pool,
out of the pool,
back to the car
if she had her way.
[Tisa speaking]
[Tammy]
When you're not in the pool,
it's like harder to get around.
Carrying around 640 lbs.
Is a lot on your body,
on your knees,
your feet, your ankles.
[Tisa] When we get down
to that ground,
I'mma let you walk to the car,
okay?
- [Tammy speaking]
- [Tisa] And you can walk.
[Tammy] I'm hurting my back.
What is rough?
That. You can make it that far
because I know you can walk.
Come on.
I'mma get that thing
out of the car.
But this right here is rough
[bleep] are you kidding me?
Not only it's hard to push
Tammy in that wheelchair,
the wheelchair itself is heavy
and it's a lot of strength.
Come on. I can't do this
blacktop with you.
Come on.
Get behind the...
I'm putting the wheelchair
in front of you
and you push the wheelchair
like you...
- No.
- [Tisa speaking]
- I got it.
- [Tisa] You got it.
Now, I cannot push you in
that wheelchair like that
and hurt myself,
because I know
that you can walk.
That's just [bleep]
you can walk.
And I've seen you walk well.
And I don't give a damn
what you say.
Tammy, hello?
Well, I know you hear me.
Now, you can get mad at me
all you want.
There's people
in worse shape than you are.
They wish they had two legs.
This is crazy.
[tense music playing]
[Tammy speaking]
You watched me
lift that damn heavy thing
and your ass can walk.
There's people
with no legs tries to walk
and you can do it.
Ain't no sense
you handicapping yourself.
I've come to see you
two days a week,
and two days a week,
we're gonna make
some damn progress.
That's just [bleep]
[narrator]
Next time on 1000-lb Sisters.
So today, me and Michael
are going to see
about getting
skin removal surgery.
[woman] As you can see,
the volume reduction
gives a new jawline.
Oh, my God, I'm ugly.
Without hair,
I look like a sloth.
[Tammy] Today is my first
session with a therapist
but I really don't wanna go.
Tell me what brings you
to therapy.
You look like
you're scowling at me,
like you don't wanna be here.
Let's find out
what this number is
and then we'll talk.
[Chris] Here we go.
And I'm gonna need
all the prayers
so start praying.
I just hope I make it.
I'm tired of
working on something
and not ever making it.